craftmatic sales method at all material times, craftmatic has sold craftmatic beds to customers in australia by the following sales method: 5.1.
unconscionable conduct at all material times, the craftmatic beds promoted and supplied by craftmatic were goods of a kind ordinarily acquired for personal, domestic or household use.
in-home presentation representations at all material times from august 2005, the craftmatic representatives who conducted the in-home presentations: 16.1. were sales representatives remunerated on a commission-only basis, which commission was contingent on their making a sale at the in-home presentation, and was proportional to the price at which they sold the craftmatic bed; 16.2. were provided with scripts by craftmatic and taught and instructed by craftmatic in regular training sessions to make representations to the same effect in each in-home presentation; 16.3. were directed and required by craftmatic to follow the same series of steps in each in-home presentation; 16.4. acted as directed in accordance with the instructions and training from craftmatic in the conduct of in-home presentations; 16.5. in the course of the in-home presentations: 16.5.1. conducted a survey of the potential customer in accordance with a form provided by craftmatic; 16.5.2. showed the potential customer a video presentation provided by craftmatic in relation to craftmatic beds; 16.5.3. entered the potential customer's bedroom, made measurements of the available bed space, and simulated the operation of a craftmatic bed for the potential customer using pillows; 16.5.4. used a hand-held massage device on the potential customer's hand, back or leg to simulate the massaging operation of the craftmatic bed; 16.5.5. recommended a particular model of craftmatic bed to the potential customer; 16.5.6. negotiated with the potential customer in relation to the purchase price of the craftmatic bed, in accordance with training and scripts provided by craftmatic; 16.5.7. made one or more telephone calls to craftmatic's offices in accordance with training and scripts provided by craftmatic; 16.6. were instructed and trained by craftmatic to, and in the usual course did, use a series of sales pitches referred to as "craftmatic classic closes" to achieve a sale.